added `EnableExperimentalGossipEncryption` (#4097)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"UseExperimentalGossip": false`` with options ``true`` and ``false``. |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> Enable Expirimental Gossip Encryption

Reviewer: Experimental

> Enable Expirimental Gossip Encryption

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable Experimental Gossip Encryption
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> **True**: All communication through the cluster using the gossip protocol will be encrypted

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**True**: All communication through the cluster using the gossip protocol will be encrypted.
```

**False**: All communication using gossip protocol remains unencrypted.

> The encryption uses AES-256 by default, and it is not kept configurable by design. However, if one wishes, they can set the value in Systems table manually for the ``ClusterEncryptionKey`` row. A key is a byte array converted to base64. It should be either 16, 24, or 32 bytes to select AES-128, AES-192, or AES-256.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The encryption uses AES-256 by default, and it is not kept configurable by design. However, you can manually set the ``ClusterEncryptionKey`` row value in the Systems table. A key is a byte array converted to base64. It should be either 16, 24, or 32 bytes to select AES-128, AES-192, or AES-256.
```
